# Problem Statement
A peak element is an element that is strictly greater than its neighbors.

Given a 0-indexed integer array nums, find a peak element, and return its index. If the array contains multiple peaks, return the index to any of the peaks.

You may imagine that nums[-1] = nums[n] = -âˆ. In other words, an element is always considered to be strictly greater than a neighbor that is outside the array.

You must write an algorithm that runs in O(log n) time.

Example 1:
Input: nums = [1,2,3,1]
Output: 2
Explanation: 3 is a peak element and your function should return the index number 2.

Example 2:
Input: nums = [1,2,1,3,5,6,4]
Output: 5
Explanation: Your function can return either index number 1 where the peak element is 2, or index number 5 where the peak element is 6.

**brute-force apporach:**
1. i can use linear search, just run a prevGreater pointer and run through the array, check wheather the curr Ele is greater than prevGre. 

**code**
```python
class Solution:
    def findPeakElement(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        preGre = 0 
        for i in range(1,len(nums)):
            if(nums[preGre] < nums[i]):
                preGre = i
        
        return preGre
```
tc : O(n)
sc : O(1)

**optimal apporach:**
1. so find the peak , when the graph is drawn it is in a linear growing form. 
2. so when finding the peak, we have some cases to consider 
* if the array has only one element -> ans = index(oneElement)
* lets makes some cases easy, where the ans is first and last element -> so that just compare with beside element only 
* 3 cases 
 - mid == peak 
 - mid > peak (peak lies on the right side)
 - mid < peak (peak lies on the left side)

**code**
```cpp 
class Solution {
public:
    int findPeakElement(vector<int>& nums) {
        int n = nums.size(); 
        int low = 1 , high = n-2;

        if(n == 1) return 0;
        if(nums[0] > nums[1]) return 0;
        if(nums[n-1] > nums[n-2]) return n-1;

        while(low <= high){
            int mid = low + (high - low) / 2;

            // if peak is mid element mid-1<mid>mid+1 
            if(nums[mid-1]<nums[mid] && nums[mid]> nums[mid+1]){
                return mid;
            }

            // if peak lies on the right side 
            if(nums[mid-1]< nums[mid]){
                low = mid + 1;
            }else{// if peak lies on the left side
                high = mid - 1;
            }
        }
        return -1;
    }
};
```
tc : O(logn)
sc : O(1)
